Add guide on how to select a Managed Identity when adding a manual Azure Batch compute env (#95)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1.0/compute-envs/azure-batch.mdx

    The default Azure Batch implementation uses a single pool for head and compute nodes. To use separate pools for head and compute nodes (e.g., to use low-priority VMs for compute jobs), see [this FAQ entry](../faqs.mdx#azure).
    :::

> 12. If the selected Azure Batch Pool has an attached user-assigned **Managed Identity**, you can choose it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. If the selected Azure Batch Pool has an attached user-assigned **Managed identity**, select it here.
```

13. Define custom **Environment Variables** for the **Head Job** and/or **Compute Jobs**.
14. Configure any necessary advanced options:

    - Use **Jobs cleanup policy** to control how Nextflow process jobs are deleted on completion. Active jobs consume the quota of the Azure Batch account. By default, jobs are terminated by Nextflow and removed from the quota when all tasks succesfully complete. If set to _Always_, all jobs are deleted by Nextflow after pipeline completion. If set to _Never_, jobs are never deleted. If set to _On success_, successful tasks are removed but failed tasks will be left for debugging purposes.
    - Use **Token duration** to control the duration of the SAS token generated by Nextflow. This must be as long as the longest period of time the pipeline will run.

15. Click **Add** to complete the compute environment setup. The creation of resources will take a few seconds, after which you can launch pipelines.

> ### Managed Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Managed identity
```

> Nextflow can authenticate to Azure services using a Managed Identity, offering enhanced security compared to access keys, but this method requires running on Azure infrastructure. When using the Seqera Platform with a manually configured compute environment that has a Managed Identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can utilize this Managed Identity for authentication. However, the Seqera Platform still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the Managed Identity for subsequent authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextflow can authenticate to Azure services using a managed identity. This method offers enhanced security compared to access keys, but must run on Azure infrastructure. 

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use a manually configured compute environment with a managed identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can utilize this managed identity for authentication. However, the Seqera still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the managed identity for subsequent authentication.

```

> 1. In Azure, create a user-assigned Managed Identity. Refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. After creation, make sure to record the Client ID of the Managed Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Azure, create a user-assigned Managed Identity. See the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. After creation, record the Client ID of the Managed Identity.
```

> 2. Ensure the user-assigned Managed Identity has the necessary roles for Nextflow. Consult the [Nextflow documentation](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/azure.html#required-role-assignments) for role requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The user-assigned Managed Identity must have the necessary access roles for Nextflow. See [Required role assignments](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/azure.html#required-role-assignments) for more information.
```

> 3. Associate the user-assigned Managed Identity with the Azure Batch Pool. Detailed instructions can be found in the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Associate the user-assigned Managed Identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up a Managed Identity in your Batch Pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.
```

> 4. When setting up the Seqera Platform Compute Environment, select the Azure Batch Pool by name and enter the Managed Identity Client ID in the specified input field as instructed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you set up the Seqera compute environment, select the Azure Batch Pool by name and enter the Managed Identity Client ID in the specified field as instructed above.
```

> After submitting a pipeline to this compute environment, Nextflow will authenticate using the Managed Identity associated with the Azure Batch node it is running on, rather than relying on access keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit a pipeline to this compute environment, Nextflow will authenticate using the Managed Identity associated with the Azure Batch node it runs on, rather than relying on access keys.
```

    - Use **Token duration** to control the duration of the SAS token generated by Nextflow. This must be as long as the longest period of time the pipeline will run.

15. Select **Add** to complete the compute environment setup. The creation of resources will take a few seconds, after which you can launch pipelines.

### Managed identity

Nextflow can authenticate to Azure services using a managed identity. This method offers enhanced security compared to access keys, but must run on Azure infrastructure. 

When you use a manually configured compute environment with a managed identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can use this managed identity for authentication. However, Seqera still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the managed identity for subsequent authentication.

> 1. In Azure, create a user-assigned Managed Identity. See the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. After creation, record the Client ID of the Managed Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Azure, create a user-assigned managed identity. See [Manage user-assigned managed identities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. After creation, record the Client ID of the managed identity.
```

> 2. The user-assigned Managed Identity must have the necessary access roles for Nextflow. See [Required role assignments](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/azure.html#required-role-assignments) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The user-assigned managed identity must have the necessary access roles for Nextflow. See [Required role assignments](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/azure.html#required-role-assignments) for more information.
```

> 3. Associate the user-assigned Managed Identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up a Managed Identity in your Batch Pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Associate the user-assigned managed identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up a managed identity in your Batch Pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.
```

> 3. Associate the user-assigned managed identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up a managed identity in your Batch Pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Associate the user-assigned managed identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up managed identity in your batch pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.
```

> 4. When you set up the Seqera compute environment, select the Azure Batch Pool by name and enter the Managed Identity Client ID in the specified field as instructed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you set up the Seqera compute environment, select the Azure Batch pool by name and enter the managed identity client ID in the specified field as instructed above.
```

> When you submit a pipeline to this compute environment, Nextflow will authenticate using the Managed Identity associated with the Azure Batch node it runs on, rather than relying on access keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit a pipeline to this compute environment, Nextflow will authenticate using the managed identity associated with the Azure Batch node it runs on, rather than relying on access keys.
```

    The default Azure Batch implementation uses a single pool for head and compute nodes. To use separate pools for head and compute nodes (e.g., to use low-priority VMs for compute jobs), see [this FAQ entry](../faqs.mdx#azure).
    :::

12. If the selected Azure Batch Pool has an attached user-assigned **Managed identity**, select it here.
13. Define custom **Environment Variables** for the **Head Job** and/or **Compute Jobs**.
14. Configure any necessary advanced options:

    - Use **Jobs cleanup policy** to control how Nextflow process jobs are deleted on completion. Active jobs consume the quota of the Azure Batch account. By default, jobs are terminated by Nextflow and removed from the quota when all tasks succesfully complete. If set to _Always_, all jobs are deleted by Nextflow after pipeline completion. If set to _Never_, jobs are never deleted. If set to _On success_, successful tasks are removed but failed tasks will be left for debugging purposes.
    - Use **Token duration** to control the duration of the SAS token generated by Nextflow. This must be as long as the longest period of time the pipeline will run.

> 15. Click **Add** to complete the compute environment setup. The creation of resources will take a few seconds, after which you can launch pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Select **Add** to complete the compute environment setup. The creation of resources will take a few seconds, after which you can launch pipelines.
```

### Managed identity

Nextflow can authenticate to Azure services using a managed identity. This method offers enhanced security compared to access keys, but must run on Azure infrastructure. 

> When you use a manually configured compute environment with a managed identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can utilize this managed identity for authentication. However, the Seqera still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the managed identity for subsequent authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use a manually configured compute environment with a managed identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can use this managed identity for authentication. However, Seqera still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the managed identity for subsequent authentication.
```

> When you use a manually configured compute environment with a managed identity attached to the Azure Batch Pool, Nextflow can utilize this managed identity for authentication. However, Seqera still needs to use access keys to submit the initial task to Azure Batch to run Nextflow, which will then proceed with the managed identity for subsequent authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
